Login/Payment protocol for DSPs (#331)
applicaster/developer.applicaster.com: book/Zapp-Pipes/11.-Protocols.md

# Protocols

## Overview

The following sections describe common protocols that should be used by DSPs to add data to items using the "extensions" section of the ATOM entry. 
These protocols will typically be used by other plugins to take certain actions related to the item.

> For example, Player plugins can receive data about video advertising that should be played with the item, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, Player plugins can receive data about video advertising that should be played with a given item, 
```

# Protocols

## Overview

The following sections describe common protocols that should be used by DSPs to add data to items using the "extensions" section of the ATOM entry. 
These protocols will typically be used by other plugins to take certain actions related to the item.
For example, Player plugins can receive data about video advertising that should be played with the item, 

> and Login/Payment plugins can receive information about entitlements that are required to unlock the item for viewing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and Login/Payment plugins can receive information about authorization requirements (authentication and/or entitlements) that are required to unlock the item for viewing. 
```
